This is an example of how to handle URL requests mapping in Spring MVC.In particular, we shall check on three handler mapping classes that Spring MVC provides for handling URL requests. They are all used to define a mapping between URL requests and handler objects.
<br/> 
<h3>BeanNameUrlHandlerMapping</h3>
The <strong>BeanNameUrlHandlerMapping</strong> class maps URL requests to beans names. It is the default handler mapping class, so it is the one created by the <strong>DispatcherServlet</strong> when Spring cannot find any handler mapping class declared. There are two beans declared, the first one¡¯s name is helloWorld.htm and its class is the <strong>HelloWorldController</strong>. So the <strong>BeanNameUrlHandlerMapping</strong> will map any helloWorld URL request to this Controller. The second bean¡¯s name is the hello*.htm and its class is also the <strong>HelloWorldController</strong>. So, in this case, the <strong>BeanNameUrlHandlerMapping</strong> will map any URL request that starts with hello (such as helloWorld, helloAll) to the <strong>HelloWorldController</strong>.

<h3>ControllerClassNameHandlerMapping</h3>
The <strong>ControllerClassNameHandlerMapping</strong> class uses a convention to determine the mapping between request URLs and the Controller instances that are to handle those requests. In this case, there is no need to declare a bean name for the Controller. In the example, the <strong>ControllerClassNameHandlerMapping</strong> will map to the <strong>HelloWorldController</strong> all URL requests that start with helloWorld, or helloWorld*. In the <strong>ControllerClassNameHandlerMapping</strong> bean declaration there are two properties to configure, the <strong>caseSensitive</strong>, which is set to true, and the <strong>pathPrefix</strong>, which is set to <strong>/jevoncode/</strong>.These properties allow <strong>ControllerClassNameHandlerMapping</strong> to also map to the <strong>HelloWorldController</strong> all URL requests with uppercase characters.

<h3>SimpleUrlHandlerMapping</h3>
The <strong>SimpleUrlHandlerMapping</strong> provides a property called <strong>mappings</strong> so as to be configured. This property is set in the bean declaration and consists of key value mapping pairs. It can be set in two ways,<prop key="url">className</prop> or url=class.